docs/schema.md, before:

# **Schema Information**  

## **Users**  

Column Name | Data Type | Details  
--- | --- | ---  
id | integer | primary key, not null  
username | string | not null  
email | string | not null  
password_digest | string | not null  
session_token | string | not null  
profile_photo(bonus) | image |  

has_many :reviews
has_many :reservations  
has_many :favorites

## **Kitchens**  

Column Name | Data Type | Details  
--- | --- | ---  
id | integer | primary key, not null  
creator_id | integer | not null, foreign_key   
name | string | not null  
cuisine | string | not null  
city_id | integer | not null, foreign key  
size | integer | not null    
feast_time | string | not null  
rating_score | integer |       
address | string | not null  
phone | string | not null  
about | string | not null  
gps_location | array |  not null  
photos_url | array | default: []  

has_many :reservations
has_many :reviews
belongs_to : user

## **Cities**  

Column Name | Data Type | Details  
--- | --- | ---  
id | integer | primary key, not null  
name | string | not null  
photo | string | not null  

## **Reviews**  

Column Name | Data Type | Details  
--- | --- | ---  
id | integer | primary key, not null  
kitchen_id | integer | not null, foreign key  
user_id | integer | not null, foreign_key  
title | string | not null  
body | text | not null  
food_score | integer | not null
atmosphere_score | integer | not null
host_score | integer | not null
price_sore | integer | not null
overall_score | integer | not null

## **Reservations**  

Column Name | Data Type | Details  
--- | --- | ---  
id | integer | primary key, not null  
kitchen_id | integer | not null, foreign key  
user_id | integer | not null, foreign_key  
seats | integer | not null  
date | date | not null  


## **Favorites**  
Column Name | Data Type | Details  
--- | --- | ---
id | integer | primary key, not null  
user_id | integer | not null, foreign_key  
kitchen_id | integer | not null, foreign key

Commit message:

Start phase 2 first by building kitchen model and controllers

docs/schema.md, after:

# **Schema Information**  

## **Users**  

Column Name | Data Type | Details  
--- | --- | ---  
id | integer | primary key, not null  
username | string | not null  
email | string | not null  
password_digest | string | not null  
session_token | string | not null  
profile_photo(bonus) | image |  

has_many :reviews
has_many :reservations  
has_many :favorites
has_one :kitchen

## **Kitchens**  

Column Name | Data Type | Details  
--- | --- | ---  
id | integer | primary key, not null  
user_id | integer | not null, foreign_key   
name | string | not null  
cuisine | string | not null  
city_id | integer | not null, foreign key  
size | integer | not null    
feast_time | string | not null  
overall_score | integer |       
address | string | not null  
phone | string | not null  
about | string | not null  
longitude | float |  not null
latitude | float |  not null

has_many :reservations
has_many :reviews
belongs_to: user
belongs_to: city

## **Cities**  

Column Name | Data Type | Details  
--- | --- | ---  
id | integer | primary key, not null  
name | string | not null  
photo | string | not null  

has_many: kitchens

## **Reviews**  

Column Name | Data Type | Details  
--- | --- | ---  
id | integer | primary key, not null  
kitchen_id | integer | not null, foreign key  
user_id | integer | not null, foreign_key  
title | string | not null  
body | text | not null  
food_score | integer | not null
atmosphere_score | integer | not null
host_score | integer | not null
price_sore | integer | not null
overall_score | integer | not null

belongs_to: user
belongs_to: kitchen

## **Reservations**  

Column Name | Data Type | Details  
--- | --- | ---  
id | integer | primary key, not null  
kitchen_id | integer | not null, foreign key  
user_id | integer | not null, foreign_key  
seats | integer | not null  
date | date | not null  

belongs_to: user
belongs_to: kitchen
has_one: city(through kitchen)


## **Favorites**  
Column Name | Data Type | Details  
--- | --- | ---
id | integer | primary key, not null  
user_id | integer | not null, foreign_key  
kitchen_id | integer | not null, foreign key
